Add client plugin docs (#313)
triton-inference-server/client: README.md

If using SSL/TLS with AsyncIO, look for the `ssl` and `ssl_context` options in 
[http/aio/\_\_init\_\_.py](src/python/library/tritonclient/http/aio/__init__.py)

#### Python Client Plugin API (Beta)

*This feature is currently in beta and may be subject to change.*

> Triton client plugin API allows you to register custom plugins

Reviewer: ```Triton client plugin API allows you to register custom plugins to add or modify request headers.```

Author: Fixed.

to the network. This is useful if you have a gateway in front of
Triton that requires extra headers for authentication or authorization.
The Triton Server itself does NOT implement any authentication of authorization
mechanisms.

The plugin must implement the `__call__` method. The signature
of the `__call__` method should look like below:

```python
class MyPlugin:
  def __call__(self, request):
       """This method will be called for every HTTP request. Currently, the only
       field that can be accessed by the request object is the `request.headers`
       field. This field must be updated in-place.
       """
       request.headers['my-header-key'] = 'my-header-value'
```

After the plugin implementation is complete, you can register the
plugin by calling `register` on the `InferenceServerClient` object.

```python
from tritonclient.http import InferenceServerClient

client = InferenceServerClient(...)

# Register the plugin
my_plugin = MyPlugin()
client.register_plugin(my_plugin)

# All the method calls will update the headers according to the plugin
# implementation.
client.infer(...)
```

To unregister the plugin, you can call the `client.unregister_plugin()`
function.

> 

Reviewer: Should we add pointers to the basic auth as example plugins?

If using SSL/TLS with AsyncIO, look for the `ssl` and `ssl_context` options in 
[http/aio/\_\_init\_\_.py](src/python/library/tritonclient/http/aio/__init__.py)

#### Python Client Plugin API (Beta)

*This feature is currently in beta and may be subject to change.*

The Triton Client Plugin API lets you register custom plugins to add or modify
request headers. This is useful if you have gateway in front of Triton Server
that requires extra headers for each request, such as HTTP Authorization. By

> registering the plugin, your gateway will work with Python clients without
> additional configuration. Note that Triton Server does not implement
> authentication or authorization mechanisms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
registering the plugin, you can integrate existing Python clients to your gateway with
minimal changes. Note that Triton Server does not implement
authentication or authorization mechanisms, and similarly,
Triton Server is not the direct consumer of the additional headers.
```

Author: Fixed.
